Add SwiftLint rule to prevent multiple variable declarations on one line (#5990)
realm/SwiftLint: CHANGELOG.md

### Enhancements

> * Add `multiple_statements_declaration` opt-in rule 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add `multiple_statements` opt-in rule
```

>   that triggers when the there's multiple statements at the same line.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  that triggers when there are multiple statements on the same line.  
```
